[Kotoko] In the end,
the majority concluded
that Steel Lady Nanase,
was nothing more than fiction.
And the schemes of Rikka
Sakuragawa were rejected.
[opening music]
[Kotoko] Huh...
Well, well...
Just received an email.
Happens to be from Rikka.
I've been posting
from Kuro's laptop,
guess she knows
his email address.
So Rikka knew that it was
the two of you
getting in her way
this entire time?
I guess that makes sense.
The only one who could
get in the way of
her determining the future,
would be Kuro
who has the same ability.
And she's the only one
who would know how to do this.
Seriously, Rikka?
I've had to ask you
half a dozen times
to not call me
by my first name.
What're you saying?
Don't you like "Kotoko"?
I have difficulty
saying it myself,
and others do too.
And because of that,
it just doesn't feel right
when I hear people say it.
That's why I've always had
Kuro call me by my surname.
Oh, I see.
Now I understand why he
calls you by your last name,
even though you're going out.
So what?
Are you saying you had doubts
whether Kuro and I
were actually dating?
Well, that's what I've said
from the beginning.
Forget it.
What did Rikka's email mean
when she said "this time."
I assume she'll try to make
another monster
of the imagination.
This wasn't enough
to dissuade her either.
But why is Rikka doing
something so horrible?
People's imaginations hold
an infinite amount of potential.
Making yokai, phantoms,
and demons too.
We give life to monsters
without even realizing it.
And so,
anything's possible.
One might even create a god.
But... But that's...
That's not an answer at all.
What point could there be
in creating a god?
You did great, Kuro!
After dying and coming
back to life so many times,
your energy must be low.
Time to replenish
your nutrients.
I got you this.
You're the one who needs
to recharge her batteries.
Creating those possibilities,
countless futures sent
right where I could grab them.
I know more than anyone
how much energy that takes.
Now, don't be like that.
Just eat.
And it'll put Saki
at ease, too,
if she sees you
eating like a human.
But I have one request:
that I get to partake
of your banana
when we get back
to the hotel.
I'm too tired...
Please, I'm begging you.
No vulgar jokes like that
at a time like this.
[ghost cat] Oh, glorious day!
That awful
[ghost cat] Steel Lady
Nanase has been vanquished!
Hooray! Hooray!
Hooray!
Three cheers for our lady!
Let's head back home.
What's so important that
you couldn't let me
enjoy the praise
a little bit longer?
It's Saki.
I think she's about
to have a heart attack.
[Kuro] I'm sorry, Saki.
If I'd tried to stop Rikka
just a little bit earlier,
we might've been able
to deal with this
before Detective Terada
was killed.
What happened was terrible.
But how could either of you
have predicted that?
It was out of all of our hands
in the long run.
Your ability to determine
the future
isn't powerful enough
to save everyone,
no matter how much
you'd like it to be...
[Saki] As for the spectre
Steel Lady Nanase,
few people speak of,
or believe in her, anymore.
Their interest transferred
over to solving the mystery
of whether or not Karin Nanase
was actually alive.
Since Rikka's defeat,
she deleted the website.
The people who were a part
of the waves of posts that day
are now talking about
a different urban legend.
The tall tale of Karin Nanase
faking her death with
someone else's body.
The rumors are so dramatic
that it's hard to speak
about them publicly
in the real world,
without upsetting someone.
Almost like they're from
an alternate reality,
different from our own.
Like the type of story
we'd see on a TV program
or read about
in the newspaper.
Which makes it less likely
for someone researching it
to bump into anybody
involved in the actual case.
The drama of the Steel Lady
was resolved
within the internet.
But the story would
be sullied
if anyone tried to
pursue it in reality.
Even if people continued
embellishing the story
and talked of it quietly,
they'd still deny
Steel Lady Nanase existed.
That's how much care
she put into her solution.
I won't make the mistake
of being her enemy...
As for the police,
they intend to look into
the idea that the corpse
was a doppelganger,
and find out
who created the site.
Even if they do look into it...
there isn't any proof that
the body belonged to someone
other than Karin Nanase.
Eventually, I'm sure the brass
will come to the realization
they were being led around
by Internet rumors
and that Karin Nanase
did indeed perish
in an accident
earlier this year.
We won't find out
what happened to
Karin Nanase and her family.
There is no resolution...
And the killer who
murdered Detective Terada
has disappeared.
Back to business as usual.
Back to my life.
Hi, Saki.
Uh, hang on.
Where's Iwanaga?
Still asleep at the hotel.
What? She's been out
for an entire day?
She spent the entirety
of yesterday
overworking herself.
I kinda figured
this would happen.
You should try acting
a little more concerned.
I will,
when it's needed.
[Kuro] You wanted to know
about Rikka, right?
That's right.
What do you think it is
that she's after?
Iwanaga changed the subject
when I asked her.
I'll tell you...
After enough time,
I've accepted what's happened,
and moved on.
As it stands,
my body has been growing,
and aging at a normal rate.
And while accidents
or injuries won't kill me,
I'm hopeful that one day,
I can still die from
complications of old age.
In order to choose
between different futures,
I have to die.
And so typically, I prefer to
avoid dangerous situations.
So I like to think that I'll be
able to live a normal life.
Normal?
Far from it...
But that's not
the case for Rikka.
She'll use her ability
as much as she can
in an attempt to return
to being a normal human.
Is that even possible?
Even if she used her power to go
through all available futures...
Finding one where
she's a normal human being?
It would have to
take a miracle!
That's right.
Back at
the university hospital,
Rikka tried to find out
if it was medically possible
to return to normal.
In the end,
logical methods provided
no further opportunities
for her.
She decided to grasp
the future she wanted
for herself.
And then what happened?
[Kotoko] Anything's possible...
One might even create a god.
In essence,
Rikka aims to create
a new monster of
the imagination,
one strong enough
to grant her wish...
And so, she'll make something
that has godly powers
just to become
a normal human being?
It's Rikka, so I'm sure
she'll do whatever it takes.
I don't know what
she's thinking.
She wants to be normal,
but always acts abnormally.
Back then,
before she consumed
yokai flesh,
I can't help but think
that she may have always
been a monster at heart.
And the toughest part of it...
is that you still
love her, right?
It makes things difficult.
So what's next?
Rikka's going to keep trying
to make a monster, isn't she?
But Iwanaga won't let her.
No matter who tries,
no matter the reason
anyone creating a monster
for their own desires...
goes against the natural order.
That's basically the reason
she sacrificed her
right eye and left leg.
It sounds like you're not
going to let it slide either.
As much as I hate to admit it,
I think you're right...
So, my phone number...
Did you end up deleting it?
Yeah.
Iwanaga nagged me about it.
No way you could've kept it.
She's not the type
to let that slide.
Yes, but what's the harm?
It's not like we could just
start all over, could we?
Yeah.
Seeing you after all this time
just proved it's impossible.
I feel okay sitting across
the table from you,
but even still, I'd be
a bit hesitant to touch you.
I'm sorry, Kuro.
No,
it's all my fault for keeping it
a secret from you.
It's all right.
Just take care of Iwanaga.
I already do.
Iwanaga's never cared much
about the danger she's in.
I am an immortal,
yet she's more fearless
than I am.
She's been injured
several times
trying to resolve conflicts
between angry monsters.
If I'm being perfectly honest,
I didn't want to involve her
in the Rikka problem.
I wanted to deal with it
before she got involved.
But after this little incident,
Rikka's come to
the realization that
Iwanaga is the biggest obstacle
and all that stands in her way.
Which means that
Rikka's next step
might be to go after
Iwanaga herself.
That hadn't even
crossed my mind.
Considering Rikka's
capabilities,
if she thinks
Iwanaga is in her way...
So that's why you came
looking for Rikka
without telling Iwanaga.
Though I'm sure
if you had told her,
then Iwanaga definitely
would've gotten involved.
I won't let Iwanaga die.
After all, she's someone
who deserves to be happy.
Now, I feel like I can
finally get some closure.
I doubt that
I'll ever see him again.
[Saki] Are you sure?
You're really just
giving me this bike?
Iwanaga bought this thing
so she could get around
the city.
It'd be a pain
to take it with us,
so Iwanaga said
she wanted you to have it.
Oh, she also
asked me to tell you...
she told the monsters around
the city to leave you alone.
Another gift.
Tell her thanks...
Doesn't make me
feel much better...
I'll see you around!
I still get scared at night.
But now...
I know someone's protecting
the order of things.
I feel a sense of peace...
our world's in capable hands.
[Kotoko] I messed up again!
I keep making mistake
after mistake!
I can't believe I slept
for a day and a half...
Oh wow! Is it still
only six o'clock?
I feel pretty refreshed for
only having slept four hours...
Wait, September sixth?
Did I seriously just sleep
for twenty-eight hours?!
I'm such an idiot!
I can't believe I gave
Kuro and Saki
so much time
to spend alone together!
Biggest screw-up of my life!
Iwanaga?
Hey, where'd she go?
Just a sec!
My face...
Found her.
Don't rush on my account.
If you need the rest,
we can probably
book another night.
You reek of Saki!
That's impossible.
I know you saw her!
I did.
Just like you wanted.
You said we should
give the bicycle to Saki.
I figured the sooner
the better.
And I had time to kill.
Well, yes,
I did say that, but...
How'd you get her number?
On the way back in the car
the other night,
we exchanged contact info...
But I already
deleted it from my phone.
Saki and I are
only friends now, anyway.
That isn't the problem here!
You need to
dry yourself off first.
You'll catch a cold.
Wait! What are you doing,
you maniac?!
Cut it out! This is
my only clean shirt!
Just give in, damn it!
[Kuro] Thanks for everything.
[receptionist] Thank you.
We hope you enjoyed your stay.
So are you still angry?
No, I'm not.
I was simply reflecting.
I should've been awake and alert
after twelve hours of sleep.
Clearly, I need to work on
increasing my endurance.
Take a taxi?
The station isn't very far.
We can walk.
It looks like
it's going to rain.
I'm going to get stuck
sitting around on a bench
as you take another nap,
aren't I?
Even I couldn't possibly
doze off
after sleeping for 28 hours,
Mister Smarty-Pants!
Kuro.
Something tells me Rikka
won't try to make another move
in the immediate future...
But I'm going to get
the word out
to monsters across
the country
to let me know if they see
anything out of the ordinary.
Of course,
I'd rather not go through
all that trouble again.
The best way to handle
this situation
is to find her
and talk face to face.
And going forward,
when you come across
any new information,
please don't act without
telling me about it first, okay?
I'll keep that in mind.
Oh, will you?
Iwanaga...
You knew about the Kuebiko.
You must know about
Princess Iwanaga.
From the Kojiki.
It's phonetically the same
as my surname,
so naturally,
I'd know about it.
[Kuro] Princess Iwanaga.
Princess Konohana-no-Sakuya's
older sister.
They were both given
in marriage
to Ninigi-no-Mikoto,
descendant of Amaterasu.
But Ninigi-no-Mikoto
only married
Princess Konohana-no-Sakuya
and sent Princess Iwanaga
back home.
That decision enraged
the princesses' father,
Lord Oyamatsumi.
I had a specific reason
in mind,
when I sent you both sisters,
you ingrate!
Just as the "iwa," or "rock"
in Princess Iwanaga's name
suggests,
she was able to bear life
as eternal as stone...
which never changes,
month to month, year after year.
But because Ninigi-no-Mikoto
didn't marry her
and returned her to her father,
he and his line had short lives,
scattered about like
flower petals in the wind.
They all became mortal.
You get it, right?
As someone who's immortal,
I don't belong
with Princess Sakuya.
I need
Princess Iwanaga instead.
I'm sure that sounded really
smooth inside your head,
but you know the actual reason
why Princess Iwanaga
was returned home, don't you?
Don't worry about
minor details...
It's not minor!
The real reason Princess Iwanaga
was sent back to her father
was because she was ugly!
You couldn't have chosen
a worse metaphor
to try and impress a girl!
But not you.
You're pretty as a flower,
only a complete fool
would think of sending you away.
However you meant it,
judging someone by their
physical appearance is boorish.
You're just some
yokai/human hybrid.
Stop trying to sound so cool.
Kuro, will you be staying
at my place tonight?
My parents want to see you.
Oh yeah,
I still need to apologize
for inconveniencing them.
There's no need to be
so formal.
I want you to think of them
and the house
as if they were your own.
I can't.
I'm not ready to get
fenced in just yet.
Do you honestly think you still
have a say in the matter?
[Kotoko] In this world,
there are yokai, ayakashi,
spectres, demons,
mononoke, and ghosts.
These creatures exist,
just like everything else.
There is
transcendent reasoning,
where the logical and
illogical go hand in hand.
And yet, there's no reason
to be afraid.
There's still
an order to all things.
No matter how Rikka
tries to advance her agenda,
no matter how desperate she
becomes to create a new god,
I will be there
to protect that order.
Whether I have to
fabricate a rational fiction...
or a fiction that transcends
the truth itself...
I'll defend this world
from that gap
between truth and fiction.
Know what, Kuro?
Something tells me
today is going
to be a beautiful day.
[ending music]